okay so the 1+8 just got leaked and this
is like a week out from when the oneplus
70 just launched and this leak comes
from Steve from Owen leaks a very
reliable and very reputable leaker this
dude doesn't usually just put stuff out
there unless he's got a pretty solid
source on it and I mean this guy's track
record is good most of his want Plus
leaks are on point and he's one of the
first people to accurately leak what the
iPhone 11 would look like so I'm
inclined to believe this information the
big takeaway on this leak is the screen
it's rocking a hole-punch camera and
it's a curved screen it's also supposed
to have wireless charging which is first
for a oneplus phone but it's just crazy
how far this phone deviates from the
existing oneplus 70 and the emphasis on
this leak is that it is the 1+8 not the
oneplus 8 pro but just like the regular
version one plus 8 so that hole-punch
camera if this leak is accurate I think
this is the first phone I've seen that
isn't a Samsung branded phone that has a
hole-punch camera on an OLED screen like
we've seen hole punches on IPS LCD
screens but not on an AMOLED screen
outside of what Samsung offers another
feature you can see in this leak is the
presence of a curved screen edge on that
screen and it's something I've talked
about extensively on my channel I don't
like curved screens on my phones and
it's very personal preference but the
regular oneplus phones like the 7 the
1760 they've always had flat screens and
the pro line has the curved screen but
it's weird that they're implementing a
curved edge on the 1 plus 8 and it's
something that does make these products
look and feel more premium especially in
photos and videos like for advertising
material curved edges looks so nice but
just practically speaking they don't
provide anything I just don't I don't
like that they're doing this if this
leak is true I don't know I think a lot
of people are not gonna be happy with
this curved screen the camera system on
the back is also a little bit strange
like the 70 that just came out has this
circular cluster that's big it's got
this horizontally lined up triple camera
system this new one plus eight render
this leaked render has a vertical
orientation kind of like the way that
the 1 plus 7 pro does and it just feels
that they'd revert back to that but the
whole thing about this design that is
just really weird to me is that this
phone looks so much like a Samsung phone
like imagine like a galaxy s 10 and this
is just what it looked like it's it's
very Samsung and there's nothing wrong
with that maybe that's what they're
going for like maybe one-plus wants to
make their products look more like
Samsung like like more premium but like
here's the thing oneplus phones have
always had an iconic design to them
something that not everyone would like
but it was just visually recognizable as
a oneplus design now I understand that
once you start implementing hole-punch
cameras on the front they're all gonna
look like that especially if you don't
have notches or any kind of
distinguishing features up front but
that particularly looks very Samsung to
me and I'm curious what you guys think
like I know a lot of you guys are big
oneplus fans are you guys comfortable
with oneplus pushing in that direction
so their phones look so similar to
Samsung's product line and also here's
another question that just popped up
into my mind what's the difference now
like what's the difference between a
Samsung flagship and one of these
oneplus phones like sure the cameras
better on the Samsung phone but if this
1+8 does in fact have wireless charging
there's just even more feature parity
between these brands I don't know it
feels strange to me like I don't know
about the reliability of this leak right
it is Steve and he has a great track
record especially with oneplus products
so I'm just I'm inclined to believe this
but it just feels so weird to me okay
that basically wraps this up I'm
obviously the 1+8 is gonna be like but
spring of 2020 when it comes out and I'm
sure it's gonna have like the regular
trimming like all the regular upgrades
but just from a design perspective the
aesthetics of this phone it's strange
it's strange okay hope you guys enjoyed
this video thumbs we liked it
subs we'd love to see you guys next time